---
layout: post
title: "Reverse Engineering of an EUV spectrometer"
date: 2017-07-04
categories:
  - Work
description: 
image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icfaust/icfaust.github.io/master/_screenshots/SPRED_13.2.png
image-sm: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icfaust/icfaust.github.io/master/_screenshots/SPRED_13.2.png
---
SPRED spectrometer used on the ASDEX-Upgrade tokamak at the Max-Planck Institute for Plasma Physics is a work-horse spectrometer for finding impurities in the plasma. Built by a now-defunct exterior firm, the angle of the grating (critical for the scattering the light properly) became misaligned over its long operational lifetime.  It became my job to understand this spectrometer and return it to service as best I could.

Impurities are defined as elements in the plasma outside the main specieis (which is often an isotope of Hydrogen). SPRED stands for (Survey, Poor Resolution, Extended Domain), and has existed on the ASDEX-Upgrade from nearly the beginning of its' operation.  This spectrometer, and many others of similar design on other tokamaks derive from the original built in 1982 by <a href="https://directory.engr.wisc.edu/ep/Faculty/Fonck_Raymond/">Professor Fonck</a> for the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princeton_Large_Torus">PLT tokamak</a>.  These other elements which are impurities are heavier with more protons, and consequently more tightly bind the orbiting electrons.  Plasmas which strip the oribiting electrons can strip some electrons or change the energy levels, leading to higher energy photons to be emitted.

The higher energy photons (light) are in the ultraviolet or X-ray range.  The SPRED spectrometer measures impurity line emission in what is known as the 'Extreme UltraViolet' (EUV) or the 'Vacuum UltraViolet' (VUV) range.  This light cannot penetrate deeply through most materials or gasses (hence the name vacuum UV), which requires special detectors (deep-depletion CCDs or MCPS) under vacuum to measure.

This was a tough problem, as it had the following large issues:  it had no major documentation of its designs (outside the specification of the gratings), there was no way of calibrating the grating angle in place, the spectrometer is one-of-a-kind, the system could only be fully verified for operation at the very end (i.e. under vacuum).  These problems were systematically retired through the following steps:

<ul>
  <li>Analysis of previous operation</li>
  <li>Reverse engineering the spectrometer without complete disassembly</li>
  <li>Designing and implementing a system for angluar calibration of a EUV/VUV grating</li>
  <li>Fixtures for in-place verification</li>
  <li>Analysis of spectrometer operation</li>
</ul>
